Commented out rule in backend.xml that caused the scripts being pulle… (#159)
plone/plonetheme.barceloneta: CHANGES.rst

Bug fixes:

> - Commented out rule in backend.xml that caused the scripts being pulled twice,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commented out ``<after css:theme-children="head" css:content="head script" />`` in backend.xml that caused the scripts being pulled twice,
```

> - Commented out rule in backend.xml that caused the scripts being pulled twice,

Author: 👍
